src/kustomer/webChat/README.md, before:

# Kustomer Integration Example

This is a functioning service desk integration between Watson Assistant and Kustomer. 

**Important:**  This is a reference implementation that provides an example of a fully functional integration. Make any necessary changes and perform robust testing before deploying this integration in production.

This reference implementation supports the core features of a Kustomer integration. If you want to customize or extend it to add more features, follow the procedure described in the [README](../../../README.md) for this repository.

## Overview

This integration is based on the functionality of Kustomer Chat Core SDK, which allows client side to communicate with Kustomer Chat Platform. 

The following Kustomer resources provide some useful guides on Kustomer custom chat implementation:
  - [Build your own UI](https://developer.kustomer.com/chat-sdk/v2.0-Web/docs/build-your-own-ui)

  - [Core API Reference](https://developer.kustomer.com/chat-sdk/v2.0-Web/docs/core-api-reference)

  - [Authenticate chat](https://developer.kustomer.com/chat-sdk/v2.0-Web/docs/authenticate-chat-with-jwt-token)

  - [Chat Management: Settings](https://kustomer.kustomer.help/en_us/chat-settings-B1sdKbtz7) 

## Setting up

1. If you haven't done so already, follow the setup steps in the root-level [README](../../../README.md#development) to make sure you can run an instance of [ExampleServiceDesk](../../example/webChat/README.md).

2. Update [kustomerServiceDesk.ts](./client/src/kustomerServiceDesk.ts) if you will be incorporating JWT token authentication or only describing your customer

3. Within the Kustomer Platform, generate a new API Key with the role `org.tracking`. Save the key, will need it for the next step.

4. Edit the index.html in the top directory to include the follow script

```
<script src="https://cdn.kustomerapp.com/chat-web/core.js" data-kustomer-api-key="YOUR_KUSTOMER_API_KEY"></script>
```

5. To have the chat transcript display to an agent, within the Kustomer Platform create a new attribute on the Conversation Klass with Display Name as Watson Assistant Session History and set the type as Single Line Text 

6. Within Conversation Klass click on Insight Card and click `Create Insight Card` with name Watson Assistant Chat History and view location set as Insight Panel Card. Click on the bottom View Code and then click on Convert to Code. Type `CONVERT` and click on `I understand, please convert`. Then copy and paste the example html code from [here](./client/src/kustomer/webChat/client/watsonAssistantKview.html) and then click Save Changes. 

7. Go to the client directory in [src/kustomer/webChat/client](./client).

8. From the client directory [src/kustomer/webChat/client](./client) run:
    - `npm i`
    - `npm run dev`


You should now be able to start a web chat session in a browser, and within the web chat, escalate to an agent to trigger the Kustomer integration. For more information about how to start a web chat session using this integration, see the starter kit [README](../../../README.md#development).

## Supported features

- **Start chat with an agent:** The `startChat()` function in [`kustomerServiceDesk.ts`](./client/src/kustomerServiceDesk.ts) triggers the integration with Kustomer by creating a chat session.

- **End chat:** The chat can be ended by either the user or the agent. This happens when either party leaves or closes the chat session.

- **User authentication:** By providing a JWT token, user's can have their conversation be authenticated

Commit message:

Revision
Update Code base on feedback

src/kustomer/webChat/README.md, after:

# Kustomer Integration Example

This is a functioning service desk integration between Watson Assistant and Kustomer. 

**Important:**  This is a reference implementation that provides an example of a fully functional integration. Make any necessary changes and perform robust testing before deploying this integration in production.

This reference implementation supports the core features of a Kustomer integration. If you want to customize or extend it to add more features, follow the procedure described in the [README](../../../README.md) for this repository.

## Overview

This integration is based on the functionality of Kustomer Chat Core SDK, which allows client side to communicate with Kustomer Chat Platform. 

The following Kustomer resources provide some useful guides on Kustomer custom chat implementation:
  - [Build your own UI](https://developer.kustomer.com/chat-sdk/v2.0-Web/docs/build-your-own-ui)

  - [Core API Reference](https://developer.kustomer.com/chat-sdk/v2.0-Web/docs/core-api-reference)

  - [Authenticate chat](https://developer.kustomer.com/chat-sdk/v2.0-Web/docs/authenticate-chat-with-jwt-token)

  - [Chat Management: Settings](https://kustomer.kustomer.help/en_us/chat-settings-B1sdKbtz7) 

## Setting up

1. If you haven't done so already, follow the setup steps in the root-level [README](../../../README.md#development) to make sure you can run an instance of [ExampleServiceDesk](../../example/webChat/README.md).

2. Within the Kustomer Platform, generate a new API Key with the role `org.tracking`. Save the key, will need it for the next step.

3. Edit the index.html in the top directory to include the follow script

```
<script src="https://cdn.kustomerapp.com/chat-web/core.js" data-kustomer-api-key="YOUR_KUSTOMER_API_KEY"></script>
```

4. To have the chat transcript display to an agent, within the Kustomer Platform create a new attribute on the Conversation Klass with Display Name as Watson Assistant Session History and set the type as Single Line Text 

5. Within Conversation Klass click on Insight Card and click `Create Insight Card` with name Watson Assistant Chat History and if listed set the view location set as Insight Panel Card. Click on the bottom View Code and then click on Convert to Code. Type `CONVERT` and click on `I understand, please convert`. Then copy and paste the code below and then click Save Changes. 

```
const url ="https://web-chat.global.assistant.watson.appdomain.cloud/loadAgentAppFrame.html?session_history_key=" + _.get(conversation, 'custom.watsonAssistantSessionHistoryStr');
<div>
 <Card src={url} height={380} width={340} context={object.context} />
</div>
```

6. Go to the client directory in [src/kustomer/webChat/client](./client).

7. From the client directory [src/kustomer/webChat/client](./client) run:
    - `npm i`
    - `npm run dev`


You should now be able to start a web chat session in a browser, and within the web chat, escalate to an agent to trigger the Kustomer integration. For more information about how to start a web chat session using this integration, see the starter kit [README](../../../README.md#development).

## Supported features

- **Start chat with an agent:** The `startChat()` function in [`kustomerServiceDesk.ts`](./client/src/kustomerServiceDesk.ts) triggers the integration with Kustomer by creating a chat session.

- **End chat:** The chat can be ended by either the user or the agent. This happens when either party leaves or closes the chat session.

- **User authentication:** By providing a JWT token, user's can have their conversation be authenticated
